September 2007

This is the fifteenth code drop of the GCC front-end for
the PL/I programming language.

PL/I for GCC is released under the terms of the
GNU Public License; version 2.

With pl1gcc-0.0.15 the preprocessor do loop, %DO, has been partly
implemented. Only one level is allowed.
This required quite a bit of restructuring of the 
internal code. But now it is easy to add more preprocessor 
statements like %IF and preprocessor %PROCEDUREs. Expect some
more releases soon.
Further the internal parse tree has also been improved, 
so code generation should begin really soon now (tm).

There is still no code generation taking place, so don't
run out and deinstall your production PL/I compiler just yet :-)


Changes in v0.0.15
------------------
* Restructuring parser stack
* Improve internal interface to preprocessor
* Synchronize with gcc version 4.3 (20070810)
* Improved error messages with declares


Changed syntax in v0.0.15
-------------------------
* Non-nested %DO varname = NUM TO NUM 
* %NOTE can reference preprocessor variables

For a complete list of changes check the CHANGELOG file.


Source code contributions to pl1gcc
-----------------------------------
If you have some PL/I code you do would like to save for the future,
then consider to release the source code either under GPL or donate it 
to the public domain.
pl1gcc can offer to host the code for you. 


What is pl1gcc?
---------------
The pl1gcc project is an attempt to create a native PL/I compiler
using the GNU Compiler Collection.

The project is looking for more people to join development and testing, 
it has mostly been a one man project.

There are a number of interesting tasks related to the pl1gcc project, 
where any help would be greatly appreciated.

a) Error regression infrastructure
b) Error message codes
c) Case insensitive include name expansion
d) Test cases
e) Project web pages
f) Language reference manual
g) User guide
h) Tutorial to PL/I
i) Frequently asked questions
j) Internals of pl1gcc
k) Code generation

For more information, comments, feedback and download, please visit
http://pl1gcc.sourceforge.net

Finally, remember to have some fun.

Henrik Sorensen

Web links mentioned:
    http://pl1gcc.sourceforge.net
